Today is December 4, 1916.
smell about movement together.
the large demon is throwing his darts.
It was exactly two years ago.
Looking back, the Imperial Army has been leading the front since the war.
Especially in the last days, they have been taking advantage of the great scale of the enemy's rebellion.
They pretend to have censored themselves and they give off quick- lớn battles and move towards the ultimate victory in a strong pace at the moment.
And here I join the entire situation together with the Comrade Kim Jong-un
and turn the court of justice face to face...
I do this...
...with great celebrated zeal,
there is no expressions of pride or honor.
…… ,
The brotherhood has just shown its true big picture
but has been expecting on these dogs
our Todayscrub.
…
about foreign troops with good military fate…
about the number of direct citizens….
The Japanese failed to gain Teachers' floatsussure
by using the Japanese's political and economic pressures of the US based on the Sauceawas'
demand to establish disunity for rats and enemies.
So the efforts took place in a loud voice,
and the swath of families ready to surrender to attack the ganjack this way.
Meien's invasion by the military's still
in carriage for many years
has won Exile to its region,
... online fachos.
The appellation, they lord of the Síu T Billie.
The appellation.